Docs: Add source code links to OpenVINO Samples (#11803)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: samples/python/hello_classification/README.md

# Hello Classification Python* Sample {#openvino_inference_engine_ie_bridges_python_sample_hello_classification_README}

This sample demonstrates how to do inference of image classification models using Synchronous Inference Request API.  

> Models with only 1 input and output are supported. The source code for this example is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/python/hello_classification).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Models with only one input and output are supported. Source code for this example is also available [on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/tree/master/samples/python/hello_classification).
```
